# Bingo-web-app-Selenium-Framework
Frame work is build on selenium to automate methods in Bingo Go-Collect Application
Go-collect is application build on node js to provide daily day to day to actions 

Bingo is an extensive waste management business which operates across Australia with many different service offerings. Each service needs to be managed differently, which has spurned the creation of many bespoke and independent tools for managing the various offerings. Contract agreements with clients are highly fluid, and as is the case with most systems involving logistics, vast amounts of flexibility are required to enable the business to achieve its goals. Exceptions are the rule.
The existing toolset has evolved organically over a long period of time with an in-house team. Technical debt has built up over the years to the point where the team wants to assess the possibility of replacing the various existing tools with new ones, looking to modernise and unify where possible. Since all of the current tools use the same database, there are many implicit assumptions and interdependencies embedded within the codebase.
The cleanest way to approach this, from a purely technical point of view, is to replace all the systems at once in a single hit, however, this is a bad idea for all sorts of reasons including change management challenges and the extreme risk posed to the business of a hard cutover to a set of new tools that haven’t been battle tested and exposed to actual users.
To mitigate these risks, we propose taking an incremental approach, architecting for the eventual future state of having everything in a new system, but tackling one tool at a time. This requires additional technical work to bridge back to the old system, but in our opinion, a gradual transition is the only reasonable way to approach this problem without unduly risking the core operations of the business.
We propose a specific methodology to approach this set of systems and our initial thoughts on technical components that would serve well as components of a future architecture
